admin/adminpublic.md, before:

---



copyright:

  years: 2015, 2016
lastupdated: "2016-09-05"


---

{:shortdesc: .shortdesc}
{:codeblock: .codeblock}
{:screen: .screen}
{:new_window: target="_blank"}



# Administering
{: #administer}
Last updated: 05 September 2016
{: .last-updated}

For your {{site.data.keyword.Bluemix_notm}} account, you can update your profile settings, set account and spending notifications, invite team members, and manage orgs and spaces that you own or manage by clicking the **{{site.data.keyword.avatar}}** icon ![Avatar icon](../icons/i-avatar-icon.svg) &gt; **Account**. Each account that is linked to your profile shows. You can view each account that you own including the associated billing information, usage information, a team directory of members, and all organizations that you own or manage for each account.

 If you are an administrator for {{site.data.keyword.Bluemix_notm}} Local or {{site.data.keyword.Bluemix_notm}} Dedicated, see [Managing {{site.data.keyword.Bluemix_notm}} Local or {{site.data.keyword.Bluemix_notm}} Dedicated](index.html#mng) for details about managing your account by using the Administration page.
{:shortdesc}

Commit message:

production doc updates for Nov release

admin/adminpublic.md, after:

---



copyright:

  years: 2015, 2016
lastupdated: "2016-11-01"


---

{:shortdesc: .shortdesc}
{:codeblock: .codeblock}
{:screen: .screen}
{:new_window: target="_blank"}


# Setting up your account
{: #account}


Now that you've signed up for {{site.data.keyword.Bluemix_notm}}, you need to set up your account so that you can quickly move on to provisioning infrastructure or building applications.

{:shortdesc}

When you are first getting started with {{site.data.keyword.Bluemix_notm}}, you will want to set up your account profile, which includes uploading a profile image. You can also set up the organizations and spaces for your account, and invite team members to each of the orgs and spaces. 

You can view details for each account that you own by clicking the **Account** link in the menu bar. These details include the associated billing information, usage information, a team directory of members, and all organizations that you own or manage for each account, 

If you are an administrator for {{site.data.keyword.Bluemix_notm}} Local or {{site.data.keyword.Bluemix_notm}} Dedicated, see [Managing {{site.data.keyword.Bluemix_notm}} Local or {{site.data.keyword.Bluemix_notm}} Dedicated](/docs/admin/index.html#mng) for details about managing your account by using the Administration page.

You might also want to sign up for notifications, check out your support options so that you know where to get help, or even provide feedback.  

- **Notifications** 
  
  Sign up to get notified for maintenance updates to the Public regions of the {{site.data.keyword.Bluemix_notm}} platform, and associated services, as well as incidents, security notifications, and other announcements. For more details on setting notifications, see [Viewing Bluemix status](/docs/support/index.html#viewing-bluemix-status).

- **Support options** 
  
  Check out your support options available so you'll know exactly where to go and what to do if you run into any problems. For more details on your support choices, see [Getting  customer support](/docs/support/index.html#getting-customer-support).

- **Start coding** 
  
  Create your first application. Go out to the **Catalog** to review the variety of compute and services available to develop with and check out the boilerplates and sample applications that are available to give you a jump start in coding.

- **Provide feedback on {{site.data.keyword.Bluemix_notm}}** 
  
  
  
  To provide feedback on the documentation, click the **Edit in GitHub** link after the title on each page.
